TOPtesi bundle version 5.59c of 2011/10/30
Copyright 2011 Claudio Beccari
LaTeX Project Public Licence LPPL v.1.3 (or later)

The TOPtesi bundle contains everything is needed for typesetting a 
bachelor, master or PhD thesis in Italian (or in any other language 
supported by LaTeX: the bundle is constructed to support multilanguage 
use).
The infix strings may be selected and specified at will by means
of a configuration file, so as to customize the layout of the
front page to the requirements of a specific university and a specific
language.  

Thanks to its language management, the bundle is suited for 
multilanguage theses that are more and more frequent thanks 
to the double degree programs of the European Union Erasmus programs.

This important upgrade is intended to be compliant with XeLaTeX 
and the documentation explains how to obtain PDF/A-1b archivable 
files from both pdfLaTeX and XeLaTeX. The version number 5.59 is 
to be considered as a stable beta version; in the sense that it 
should be equivalento to version 5.50 when used with pdfLaTeX, 
and an experimental version when used with XeLaTeX.

For installation, if the package is not already installed in your
TeX system distribution, either read the Italian documentation in 
toptesi-doc.pdf or quickly decompress the toptesi.zip file and move
all the pdf files to

to  /texmf/doc/latex/toptesi.


Move:

toptesi.dtx 
toptesi-doc-xetex.tex

to  /texmf/source/latex/toptesi.

Move the other .tex files to /texmf/tex/latex/toptesi
 
Run pdflatex on toptesi.dtx in order to get the class, style and 
configuration files (and the pdf documentation in English)  and move
the .cls, .sty, .xmpdata, .ps  and .cfg files to /texmf/tex/latex/toptesi

If the cited folders do not exist, create them.

The texmf folder is your personal texmf folder. If the package is already installed the texmf folder should be the /texmf-dist system one.

If you are running a Windows platform change the slashes into backslashes
and prefix all paths with the drive letter and any other specific prefix 
that is present in the texmf tree.

In any case remember to refresh the filename database!